#Comments on [CHAOSS.Evolution.April.8.2020](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MOWQegOw6Fk&feature=youtu.be)

This meeting and the Apr 15th one I watched might have benefited from a little bit more structure. There was obviously an agenda being followed but it felt like things were occasionally allowed to wander far afield and the remote nature of the meeting may have made that worse.

Reviewing pull requests took a little longer than some of the projects I've been involved in, but that's probably the nature of open source and it seemed like exact policies were still being fleshed out. The discussion about waiting periods for removing metrics reminded me of a discussion (that I now can't find) from the Linux Kernel Mailing List about removing certain execution functionality and how they were going to give the maintainer for a certain CPU architecture time to chime in before they committed to removing it because it could be key to some of his 'customers' functionality.

The discussion between redundancy and reducing the "number of words" was interesting if a little hard to follow without all the context. I've always felt that some open source projects definitely get a little bloated with too many overlapping options. I tend to find that the happy middle ground is a near minimum number of functions with lots of examples of how to go about doing common functions, rather than hundreds of minor function variations or minimum functions with no example-based documentation.

It also seemed like the length of the meeting might need to be more flexible to accommodate large code pushes or similar. Obviously, there will be periods with lots of new commits and periods with very few, but in general it seems like when you already have a 30 day waiting period it might be advantages to move a little faster. I also wonder if more of the code review functions and concern raising could be pushed to GitHub’s code review functions and have this meeting be more of a confirmation that those steps have been taken. In my head it seems like that would create an easier to search record (text attached to the commit rather than a note that the commit was reviewed during X meeting of X group) and might allow this meeting to move faster and get more commits done, but I'm sure there could be issues with that method as well.
